README.md, before:

# Pocket Ark

> Mass Effect Andromeda Server Emulator / Private Server

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/PocketRelay/PocketArk?style=for-the-badge)

> **Note**
> This server has only just begun development as of 07/07/2023 and currently is not
> expected to be anywhere near complete but feel free to star the project in the meantime

The first major milestone is complete with certificate verification now being bypassable through
https://github.com/PocketRelay/PocketArkHooks

Pocket Arc is private server for the Mass Effect Andromeda game

[Discord Server (discord.gg/yvycWW8RgR)](https://discord.gg/yvycWW8RgR)

> Join the Discord server to be kept in the loop about development

## 📌 EA / BioWare Notice

The **Pocket Ark** software in all its forms are in no way or form supported, endorsed, or provided by BioWare or Electronic Arts. 


## 🧾 License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 - 2023 Jacobtread

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added current progress to README

README.md, after:

# Pocket Ark

> Mass Effect Andromeda Server Emulator / Private Server

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/PocketRelay/PocketArk?style=for-the-badge)

> **Note**
> This server has only just begun development as of 07/07/2023 and currently is not
> expected to be anywhere near complete but feel free to star the project in the meantime

The first major milestone is complete with certificate verification now being bypassable through
https://github.com/PocketRelay/PocketArkHooks

Pocket Arc is private server for the Mass Effect Andromeda game

[Discord Server (discord.gg/yvycWW8RgR)](https://discord.gg/yvycWW8RgR)

> Join the Discord server to be kept in the loop about development


## 📌 EA / BioWare Notice

The **Pocket Ark** software in all its forms are in no way or form supported, endorsed, or provided by BioWare or Electronic Arts. 

## Current Progress

- [x] Creating and logging into accounts
    - This is no longer done within the game it has instead been moved to the client utility but is fully supported and handles creating accounts along with giving out the default items
- [x] Creating and playing games
    - Currenlty matchmaking is not supported at this stage but you can play by yourself the current matchmaking issue is https://github.com/PocketRelay/PocketArk/issues/1
- [x] In-game item store
    - You can purchase items from the store and open packs, however the contents of the packs may not be accurate to what you'd get on the official servers as they are created from assumptions throught the pack descriptions 
    - (Not all packs may be supported at this stage)
- [ ] Strike teams
    - This feature is work in progress you can view the progress of this using the tracking issue https://github.com/PocketRelay/PocketArk/issues/3
- [ ] Leaderboards
    - Leaderboards have not yet been implemented, there is currently no tracking issue for this
- [ ] Matchmaking
    - Matchmaking as mentioned earlier is not yet functional, you can track the progress of it using this issue https://github.com/PocketRelay/PocketArk/issues/1
- [ ] Challenges
    - Challenges are not properly implemented yet, some ground logic is there but they are not yet functional, there is no tracking issue for this yet
- [ ] Dashboard / Inventory Editing
    - This feature is likely to come after all of the above features are all sorted out, there is no tracking issue for this yet



## 🧾 License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 - 2023 Jacobtread

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
